hello everyone I'm Felix Perez and today I
I bring another commented gameplay is a
gameplay of the game that had long been
it was not up it's about marvel vs capcom 3
and because it's gameplay lewis
nothing less than to tell you about a
movie that has been released
recently I speak of course of the
Avengers and good that better game for
tell you about the avengers that is marvel
vs capcom 3 as you see the characters that
I have on my team are the captain
america hulk that just entered and that
has been loaded to river with a single punch
and ironman those are my avengers
favorites in the movie all the truth
is that I've never liked that that
rather they have included a god like
Superhero, I really do not like it
futurmoda because it's like a god but not
stop being a man a human being but
The whole truth is that it is one of the
most powerful marvel characters and is
simply because he is a god
and nothing because they are about three
arcade mode games and well you'll see
that are appearing the two bad guys are
the villains and this time I'm fighting
with iron man and I get an attack
powerful gets half bar removed
to the super skrull and nothing because I wanted
tell me about the movie that is a
movie that has surprised me that the
that you follow my channel you will know that I do not
I had many expectations in this
movie I already told you in the x-men video
origins wolfhound believed it was a
purely commercial movie the
truth is that the movies of
superheroes do not usually leave quality
I think the only films of
superheroes apart from the batman that
they are saved
those of x-men are a good franchise
superheroes those of spiderman for good
comply with a tell you the story of
spiderman although now it's going to be released
a spiderman reboot that
will focus much more action history
adult with a much more serious plot
even dramatic talking about the agony
of Peter's sadness for not having
known to his parents and for knowing his
past
and after that the movies of
Superheroes do not usually come out very well
stops at the movies and they tend to be
films of low quality or not
they comply with the argument they follow us
many times the argument of the comics
they go through the lining but this time
with the avengers we find ourselves with
the supreme work of the superheroes I
I swear I had never seen a movie in
Superheros
except batman who no longer considers
a movie of superheroes but and good
batman living to the best yes that continues
the aesthetics of superhero movies
counting the origin fighting against
villain teaching us the skills of
every hero and such
and go back in and destroy the
sentinel but nothing has been speaking
because otherwise I will not finish commenting
the movie just wanted to make a
small review and a recommendation is
a movie that has surprised me
It has a lot of quality is very
worked has many winks and many
gags to comic book lovers and it's also
Entertaining and has a lot of action and humor
for those who do not know the
characters and just want
good to know they are very characters
charismatic your relationship is very alive
on the screen the complication of
Avengers was that to see so many
charismatic characters and on screen
because someone is eclipsed and did not have
enough prominence it is true that the
movie 'the ones that give the touch of
humor are ironman and for his monkey though
do not believe it hulk gives a touch of
pretty good mood in the movie but
all the characters have a
very good interpretation the cast is
excellent and follows the same pattern of
previous films tell us things
what had happened in all the things that
had happened in the captain's movie
america the first avenger 'tell us
a little more about the barn eye that is
an avenger that is good is an agent
say that he joins and nothing is a movie
good is a spectacular movie full
of action with many comic moments
good is what the movies of
marvel who always try to give him the
set that humorous
and not that absurd humor of the movies
of transformers that are easy jokes
or characters taken from the mind of a
sick no, that's not jokes
many smart are orchestrated
by port all starr by iron man gives you a
very funny touch to the movie has a
plot quite achieved not very
complex to the movies of
superheroes with more complex plots
they could be in watchmen
even dark hair although it's not a
plot difficult to follow but it is a
plot that meets the villain is pretty
pretty pathetic if not silly
but what is discovered at the end of the
movie is that everything was castrated by
plus another villain I will not reveal
nothing if you are lovers of comics but
I recommend that you go to see her that is worth
It's very worthwhile that it surprises and that
you will go from fucking mother see you in the
next video